MTV-1211 Max concurrent virtual machine migrations (#580)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/configuring-mtv-operator.adoc

|Label |Description |Default value

|`controller_max_vm_inflight`
|a|*Varies with provider as follows*:

> * {rhv-full}, {osp}, vmWare warm migrations _or_ remote cold migrations: The maximum number of disks that can be transferred simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {rhv-full}, {osp}, VMware warm migrations _or_ remote cold migrations: The maximum number of disks that can be transferred simultaneously.
```

|Label |Description |Default value

|`controller_max_vm_inflight`
a|*Varies with provider as follows*:

> * {rhv-full}, {osp}, VMware warm migrations _or_ remote cold migrations: The maximum number of disks that {project-short} can transfer simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: For **all** occurrences of  **remote cold migrations**:
I suggest to explain what does "remote migration" mean  and therefore rephrase to something like:
 **cold migrations to a remote OpenShift cluster**

> * OVA or VMware local cold migrations: The maximum number of VMs that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: For **all** occurrences of   **local cold migrations**:
I suggest to explain what does "local migration" mean and therefore rephrase to something like:
 **cold migrations to a local OpenShift cluster**

Reviewer 3: It does not apply for **all** local cold migrations but afaik only for virt-v2v related migrations.

> * {rhv-full} migrations, {osp} migrations, VMware warm migrations, _or_ cold VMware migrations to a remote {ocp} cluster: The maximum number of disks that {project-short} can transfer simultaneously.
> 
> * OVA migrations or cold VMware migrations using `virt-v2v` to a local {ocp} cluster: The maximum number of VMs that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For {rhv-full} migrations, {osp} migrations to a remote {ocp} cluster: The maximum number of disks that {project-short} can transfer simultaneously.
* For OVA migrations using `virt-v2v` to a local {ocp} cluster: The maximum number of VMs that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously.
*  For VMware simultaneous migration:
** Cold migration: VMs for each ESXi host that can migrate simultaneously
** Warm migration: Disks for each ESXi host that can migrate simultaneously 
```

@rhoch @duduvaa - please can you have a look at this and see if it would be ok? i am trying to synthesize what has been approved with David's comments

Author: Thanks, @anarnold97 
@duduvaa Martin said the for VM cold migrations, there was a difference between local and remote. Do you see a difference in your tests?

Reviewer 3: For cold remote we use the CNV CDI so the max in flight references the number of disks.

Reviewer 4: @duduvaa can you check regarding Cold remote?
